readme.md, before:

[//]: # (DO NOT EDIT: This file has been autogenerated, any changes will be overwritten)
# 7 Days to Die Mod - Immersive Tool Belt

[![nexus-mods-page](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nexus%20Mod-Immersive%20Crosshair%20-orange?style=flat-square&logo=spinrilla)](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5649)
[![github-repository](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repository-green?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://github.com/rdok/7daystodie_mod_immersive_tool_belt)

> **Immersive Tool Belt:** Tool belt when you need. Hide when you don't.  
> **EAC Caveat:** This mod uses custom code that is not compatible with Easy Anti-Cheat (EAC).

[![Immersive Tool Belts Showcase](https://github.com/rdok/7daystodie_mod_immersive_tool_belt/blob/main/documentation/showcase.gif?raw=true)](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5649)

- 7daystodie Version: 1.0 (b333)
- Install with [Vortex](https://www.nexusmods.com/about/vortex/).

## Changelog  
#### v1.0.0 - 04 Aug 2024
- Hide tool belt when backpack is closed.
- Enable tool belt when backpack is opened.

## Recommended Mods
> These mods have been manually verified for compatibility, though my gameplay. They all are in the spirit of less is more.
- [7 Days to Die Mods](https://next.nexusmods.com/profile/Rizarttt/mods?gameId=1059&sortBy=updatedAt)

***

[//]: # (DO NOT EDIT: This file has been autogenerated, any changes will be overwritten)

Commit message:

docs: Replace showcases with no other mods installed.

readme.md, after:

[//]: # (DO NOT EDIT: This file has been autogenerated, any changes will be overwritten)
# 7 Days to Die Mod - Immersive Tool Belt

[![nexus-mods-page](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nexus%20Mod-Immersive%20Crosshair%20-orange?style=flat-square&logo=spinrilla)](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5649)
[![github-repository](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repository-green?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://github.com/rdok/7daystodie_mod_immersive_tool_belt)

> **Immersive Tool Belt:** Tool belt when you need. Hide when you don't.  
> **EAC Caveat:** This mod uses custom code that is not compatible with Easy Anti-Cheat (EAC).

[![Immersive Tool Belts Showcase](https://github.com/rdok/7daystodie_mod_immersive_tool_belt/blob/main/documentation/showcase.gif?raw=true)](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5649)

- 7daystodie Version: 1.0 (b333)
- Install with [Vortex](https://www.nexusmods.com/about/vortex/).
- Compatible with mods like [SteelUI - Black UI Theme And Custom HUD](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5131)

## Changelog  
#### v1.0.0 - 04 Aug 2024
- Hide tool belt when backpack is closed.
- Enable tool belt when backpack is opened.


## Recommended Mods
> These mods have been manually verified for compatibility, though my gameplay. They all are in the spirit of less is more.
- [7 Days to Die Mods](https://next.nexusmods.com/profile/Rizarttt/mods?gameId=1059&sortBy=updatedAt)

***

[//]: # (DO NOT EDIT: This file has been autogenerated, any changes will be overwritten)
