documentation/about.md, before:

# 7 Days to Die Mod - Immersive Tool Belt

[![nexus-mods-collection-immersive-hud](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nexus%20Mods%20Collection-Immersive%20HUD%20-orange?style=flat-square&logo=spinrilla)](https://next.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/collections/epfqzi) [![nexus-mods-page](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nexus%20Mod-Immersive%20Tool%20Belt%20-orange?style=flat-square&logo=spinrilla)](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5649) [![github-repository](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repository-green?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://github.com/rdok/7dtd_immersive_tool_belt)

> **Immersive Tool Belt:** Tool belt when you need. Hide when you don't.  
> **EAC:** This mod uses custom code that is not compatible with Easy Anti-Cheat (EAC).

[![Immersive Tool Belts Showcase](https://github.com/rdok/7dtd_immersive_tool_belt/blob/main/documentation/showcase.gif?raw=true)](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5649)

## Features
- Automatically hides the tool belt three seconds after closing the backpack or switching inventory slots.
- Displays the tool belt after three seconds of inactivity when changing a tool belt slot or opening the backpack.
- Compatible with 
    - Controllers 
    - [SteelUI - Black UI Theme And Custom HUD](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5131)
    - [SMX - By Sirillion](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/22)
- Game Version: 1.0. Install with [Vortex](https://www.nexusmods.com/about/vortex/).

## Changelog  
#### v1.3.1 05-Sep-24
- feat: Compatability with [SMX - By Sirillion](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/22)
#### v1.3.0 12-Aug-24
- feat: Adds support for controllers; [as reported by  Mebeingocre](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5649?tab=posts&jump_to_comment=142783683)
#### v1.2.0 06-Aug-24
- The tool belt now appears as soon as the player presses or scrolls through, whereas previously it would only appear after releasing the button or completing the item animation.
- Many thanks to [busterbjones](https://next.nexusmods.com/profile/busterbjones)  for identifying this issue and suggesting a better approach.
#### v1.1.1 06-Aug-24
- Fixes an issue where tool belt was hidden when assigning items having backpacks open.
- Many thanks for the issue report to [MrSamuelAdams1992](https://www.nexusmods.com/users/78780238)
#### v1.1.0 - 06-Aug-24
- Wait for three seconds before hiding the tool belt upon closing backpack.
- Show the tool belt for three seconds when changing equipped item/changed slots.
- Many thanks for the idea & suggestions on this to: [MCT477](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/users/52409026), [Khajits](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/users/37992605), [dujinyuan](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/users/98186053), [MrSamuelAdams1992](https://next.nexusmods.com/profile/MrSamuelAdams1992)
#### v1.0.0 - 04-Aug-24
- Hide tool belt when backpack is closed.
- Enable tool belt when backpack is opened.

Commit message:

docs: Add installation section & document customizable delay.

documentation/about.md, after:

# 7 Days to Die Mod - Immersive Tool Belt

[![nexus-mods-collection-minimalist](https://img.shields.io/badge/Collection-Minimalist%20-bf4848?style=flat-square&logo=nexusmods)](https://next.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/collections/epfqzi) [![nexus-mods-page](https://img.shields.io/badge/Mod-Immersive%20Tool%20Belt%20-bf4848?style=flat-square&logo=nexusmods)](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5649) [![github-repository](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open-Source-2ea44f?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://github.com/rdok/7dtd_immersive_tool_belt)

> **Immersive Tool Belt:** Tool belt when you need. Hide when you don't.  
> **EAC:** This mod uses custom code that is not compatible with Easy Anti-Cheat (EAC).

[![Immersive Tool Belts Showcase](https://github.com/rdok/7dtd_immersive_tool_belt/blob/main/documentation/showcase.gif?raw=true)](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5649)

## Installation

- **Game Version:** Compatible with version 1.0 of the game.
- **Install with Vortex:** Easily install the mod using the [Vortex Mod Manager](https://www.nexusmods.com/about/vortex/).
- **Optional Customization:**
  - Customize the mod directly through the in-game Gears settings.
  - Alternatively, if Gears cannot be installed, customization is available via the `ModSettings.xml` file.

   
## Features
- Automatically hides or displays the tool belt after a customizable delay (default is three seconds) when closing the backpack, switching inventory slots, or when inactive while switching tool belt slots.
- Fully compatible with:
  - Controllers
  - [SteelUI - Black UI Theme And Custom HUD](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5131)
  - [SMX - By Sirillion](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/22)
